dbt-materialize: allow docs generation for cross-db sources (#27686)
MaterializeInc/materialize: misc/dbt-materialize/CHANGELOG.md

# dbt-materialize Changelog

## Unreleased

> * Add support for documentation generation for cross database sources ([#27686](https://github.com/MaterializeInc/materialize/pull/27686)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enable cross-database references ([#27686](https://github.com/MaterializeInc/materialize/pull/27686)). Although cross-database references are not supported in `dbt-postgres`, databases in Materialize are purely used for namespacing, and therefore do not present the same constraint.
```
